README.md, before:

# Berkeley Fintech Module 18 Challenge
Create and validate a blockchain using Streamlit

Multiple blocks of the block chain:
![Screenshot 1](Images/screen_shot_1.png)

Determine the blockchain validity in the streamlit web screen:
![Screenshot 2](Images/screen_shot_2.png)

Streamlit usage and blockchain validity determination:
![Screenshot 3](Images/screen_shot_3.png)

---

## Technologies

This project uses python 3.7 along with the following packages:

* [Streamlit](https://streamlit.io/) - Streamlit turns data scripts into shareable web apps.

* [pandas](https://github.com/pandas-dev/pandas) - Data analysis and manipulation library.

---

## Installation Guide

Please install the following before starting the application

```python
  pip install streamlit
  pip install pandas

```
In case of issues, please see the requirements.txt for a complete list of packages with versions needed to run this application

---

## Usage

Please download the project or clone the project using git clone

Please execute the following on the command line in the project directory:

```python
streamlit run pychain.py
```
strealmlit should open automatically in a browser. 
If it does not, please follow the instructions on the command line.

---

## Contributors

Sangram Singh (sangramsinghg@yahoo.com)

---

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Added installation instructions using requirements.txt

README.md, after:

# Berkeley Fintech Module 18 Challenge
Create and validate a blockchain using Streamlit

Multiple blocks of the block chain:
![Screenshot 1](Images/screen_shot_1.png)

Determine the blockchain validity in the streamlit web screen:
![Screenshot 2](Images/screen_shot_2.png)

Streamlit usage and blockchain validity determination:
![Screenshot 3](Images/screen_shot_3.png)

---

## Technologies

This project uses python 3.7 along with the following packages:

* [Streamlit](https://streamlit.io/) - Streamlit turns data scripts into shareable web apps.

* [pandas](https://github.com/pandas-dev/pandas) - Data analysis and manipulation library.

---

## Installation Guide

Please install the following before starting the application

```python
  pip install streamlit
  pip install pandas

```
In case of issues, please see the requirements.txt for a complete list of packages with versions needed to run this application or install all the required packages using the requirements.txt as shown below:

```python
  pip install -r requirements.txt
```

---

## Usage

Please download the project or clone the project using git clone

Please execute the following on the command line in the project directory:

```python
streamlit run pychain.py
```
strealmlit should open automatically in a browser. 
If it does not, please follow the instructions on the command line.

---

## Contributors

Sangram Singh (sangramsinghg@yahoo.com)

---

## License

MIT
